Alright, so we're making good progress here.
Let's take a look at our next two steps.
So in step two we're gonna add the component annotation
to our Java class.
In step three we'll retrieve the bean
from the Spring container.
So a lot of good stuff here.
Let's go ahead and dig in.
Alright, so what I wanna do is actually create
our coach interface.
So I'll just simply do a right click,
I'll say New, Interface,
and I'll give the interface name of Coach.
I'll keep all the other defaults, and I'll hit Finish.
And we've already seen the coach interface before
in previous videos,
and I'll just kinda write it here again from scratch,
just to kinda keep things simple
and keep things on track.
So this coach interface will have one simple method
just starting out.
It's called getDailyWorkout.
So the getDailyWorkout method returns a string,
and it's a public method, and that's it.
Again, just very simple.
This is the coach interface,
and then we'll have different implementations
that'll actually implement this given interface.
But this is enough to kinda get us started for right now.
Alrighty, so now let's go ahead
and create an actual Java class.
And we're gonna add an annotation to that class.
So again, I'll right click on our package name,
Spring Demo, I'll say New and I'll choose Class.
And so here we're gonna mix it up a little bit.
We're gonna create a tennis coach,
so that's the actual name of the class: TennisCoach.
And then what I'd like to do
is move down to the interfaces section
and I like to click on the Add button here
because we want to add an interface for this tennis coach.
And the actual interface we're gonna choose is coach,
so just type in coach up top,
they'll give you that link,
and then there we go, matching items.
And then go ahead and hit OK.
Great, so in Interfaces section you should see
the coach interface listed.
Let's keep all the other defaults, and then hit Finish.
Okay, this is great.
So this is what our coach should look like right now
for our tennis coach.
Let's go ahead and give ourselves
a basic implementation here
for a tennis coach for their daily workout.
Let's just kind of dream up something.
Practice your backhand volley.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
(chuckles)
Alright, so that's the implementation here
for our tennis coach.
So these are the daily workouts
that the tennis coach will provide when we ask him
as far as, hey coach, what do we need to do today?
Practice your backhand volley.
Okay, great.
So now the next thing we need to do
is add the annotation here.
So we need to add that @Component annotation.
So again, this is a special annotation that Spring will use
when they scan our classes,
and then I'll give the actual bean ID of thatSillyCoach.
So kind of hover over the @Component
so we can fix the imports here.
So I just select the option therefore of Import Component.
And on line three we should have
org.springframework.stereotype.Component.
Great, this is good.
So that's the correct import that we need here.
So again, when Spring scans this package,
they're gonna find this class, @Component,
they're gonna automatically register this bean
with the Spring container,
and they'll use the bean ID of thatSillyCoach
so at a later time we can retrieve that bean
from the Spring container
using the bean ID of thatSillyCoach.
Alright, so we're making some really good progress here.
So with step three, we need to write the code
to retrieve the bean from the container.
So I'll actually create another Java class for this.
I'll choose right click, I'll say New Class.
And the name for this class, I'll call it AnnotationDemoApp.
And this is just a main driver program.
It'll actually have a main method,
so I'll select the option here at the bottom for main,
and I'll keep all the other defaults here,
and then I'll hit Finish.
Okay, good, so just a very...
Simple application here.
Let me go ahead and clean up those auto-generated comments,
and let me write in my own comments
as far as the things that I wanna do
inside of this demo app.
So the first thing I'm gonna do
is read the Spring config file,
then I'll get the bean from the Spring container,
I'll call some methods on the bean,
and then finally, I'll close the container.
And again, this is nothing really new.
We've actually gone through this process many times before,
and we'll do a similar thing here
with the Spring annotation configurations.
Alright, so let's go ahead and start writing some code here.
So again, reading the Spring config file,
just like we've already done.
Give myself some white space at the bottom.
So here I'll just make use
of that ClassPathXMLApplicationContext.
Context equals new.
And again, I like to copy paste that name.
So I just copy that name and paste it.
I use the keyboard there.
And then I give the actual name of the config file,
so applicationContext.xml, and that's it.
And again, remember, our XML file is really simple.
There's not much in there.
It simply tells Spring to scan for beans.
I'll go ahead and fix my imports here.
Goes on line three, we should have the correct import.
So that looks good.
Get the bean from the container.
And again, we simply use the bean ID.
So let me just take a quick peek.
So in TennisCoach, the bean ID is thatSillyCoach.
ThatSillyCoach!
So I just copy it
just so I have it in my little buffer here.
And now I'll just go through and read the bean.
So Coach, the Coach equals,
and I'll say context.getBean,
and I'll just do a little paste here
of the actual bean ID,
what I just copied.
So I'll just do a paste.
And then comma Coach.class.
So again, remember, when you have that @Component
on the actual tennis coach,
you simply use whatever bean ID they provided,
and that's what you do to retrieve it, and that's it.
Very simple.
So this is all good stuff.
Everything that we're gonna do from the remaining here
is what you've seen already.
So there's nothing really new.
So simply call the method on the bean.
TheCoach.getDailyWorkout, which is all good.
And then I simply close off the context
by doing a context.close.
Alright, so that's really all the work for step three
of retrieving the bean from the container.
We just went through and read the config file,
got the bean, called a method on the bean,
and then finally closed the context.
So this looks really good, so let's go ahead and save this
and let's go ahead and run this application.
I'll just do a right click, Run As, Java Application.
And then voila, there's our output!
So it goes through, it says loading bean configurations
from that applicationContext.xml.
So this guy goes through and scans everything.
It registers those beans,
and then we simply call a method on it,
print out our daily workout, practice your backhand volley,
and we close it and that's it.
There you go.
So you've used Spring annotations in a Java application
so you can kinda check that off your list.
We're actually gonna go in detail
and cover some more aspects of this,
but you've kind of covered the basics so far.
So I'd say, good job!
Congratulations!
Yoo-hoo!